Fix stale versioned docs links (#22875)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/sql-concepts.md

# SQL

> TiDB is highly compatible with the MySQL protocol and the common features and syntax of MySQL 8.x. The ecosystem tools for MySQL (PHPMyAdmin, Navicat, MySQL Workbench, DBeaver and [more](https://docs-archive.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.2/dev-guide-third-party-support/#gui)) and the MySQL client can be used for TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB is highly compatible with the MySQL protocol and the common features and syntax of MySQL 8.x. The ecosystem tools for MySQL (PHPMyAdmin, Navicat, MySQL Workbench, DBeaver and [more](/develop/dev-guide-third-party-support.md#gui)) and the MySQL client can be used for TiDB.
```
